 # Team Thunder
 ## raza201
 - Had a meeting with my team and we have almost completed our first milestone. Only templates and skills are left.
- learn how to do smart commits and PR's from Dua-Reveltek and Aleem-Reveltek.
- Completed my Resume 1.0 tasks.
- We have done with the PR's.
- Assigned other tasks to the teammates.
## TubaShamoon
- Worked on Issue #11, #12, and #13.
- Conducted research and took detailed notes on these issues #11. #12, #13.
- Finalized the research notes and the final description which we are going to use for the respective issues.
- Submitted a pull request for the completed tasks.
- Actively participated in meetings.
- Completed the assigned tasks for the day.
## Zarafsha26
- Not provided.
## Dua-Reveltek
- Not provided.
## shumailatahir29
- Not provided.
# Team Basher
## Remy-RevelTek
- Had a sprint meeting with teammates about SILK Corp
- Brainstorming on statistical analysis with N-eng66
- Day Wrap-up call where we discussed about our day progress
## Aini-Bashir
- Conducted a meeting to educate teammates on SMART commits and pull requests.
- Connected with 20 individuals on LinkedIn for Matty.
- Attended a sprint meeting with teammates to collaborate on the SILK Corp project.
- Transferred the taskbar planner from Matty to Basher.
- Updated the Readme file on GitHub.
- Ran ASMA (presumably an application) and closed it after 48 successful applications.
- Reviewed and responded to all emails.

## N-eng66
- Conducted statistical analysis of Matty and collected relevant information.
- Made observations based on the collected data and share it with Remy.
- Created a questionnaire to gather further insights on Matty.
- Attended a meeting with teammates to discuss the SILK project.
- Provided valuable suggestions for enhancing the overall look of SILK Corp.
- Learned how to perform pull requests and SMART commits.
- Acquired knowledge on creating a Readme file.
## Ibrab679
- Had created my GitHub profile
- Had a sprint meeting with the teammates about our ongoing project SILK Corp
- Learned how to perform pull requests and SMART commits from Aini.
- Learned how to create Readme file
# Team Hurricane 
## Aleem-Reveltek
- Not provided
## Ayeshazi
- Not provided
## HumeraAkram
- Conducted research on ATS and Envato elements.
- Learn how to use Envato for templates.
- Searhed for different templates from multipe sources.
- Collaborate with team members and refines resume strategy.
## ajiash
- Not provided
## SJ
- Not provided
## Rimsha-RevelTek
- NOt provided
## FA
- Not provided
# Team Sahara
## SS
- NOt provided
## NF11234
- Read the EOD reports provided by all teams.
- Read and commented on issues and milestones of team Basher and Thunder.
- Go through the guidelines of essential coordinator responsbilities.
- Comprehend the article of "How to Coordiante Multiple Project Teams Effectively".
- Prepare the EOD report of each team.
- Have a meeting with the team lead of Hurricane team.
- Have a meeting with team Basher and discuss their tasks of the day.
- conducted a meeting with team Thunder and discuss the issues they have generated.
- Have an interactive session with our coach and show her the EOD report for approval.
- Made the required changes in EOD report and submit it in team.
## SM
- Not provided
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Not provided
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon 
## Dua-Reveltek
- Not Provided
## Sohaib2580
- NOt provided
## asfandia27
- Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.


