## Team Phoenix #9
 I had a meeting with team team phoenix and they doing good by having a better understanding of their project. The blockers they are facing is connecting with April. And also Ibra is not putting as much efforts as she should be but I tell Huma to examine Ibra for 2 days if she still didn't respond well than I'll talk to her.

## Team Dragon #9
Lead is working on payroll and meanwhile the team is working to response back to applicants. Dragons have design their milestones and ask for the review. Overall they are doing good and didn't face any blocker yet.

## Team Sahara #8
Team Sahara is working on training newbies, making up their milestones, OKRs and KPIs. Team faces a problem that newies call them randomly and sometimes they miss their text in the chat so, Samim was asking if there could be a feature added which can shows the availability timing of curiosity coach so that newies reach them in those timings. I suggest them to just tell the newbies about your timings in their very first meeting and also ask them to mention you so you cannot miss them.

## Team Thunder #10
Team thunder is doing great they have make their proper milestones, issues, OKRs and KPIs. Team has established their project board also. Overall it was a good session with them and they don't face any blocker yet.

## Team Prime #8
Team prime is doing good they are working on their certs and also on making the milestones and issues. Today they were facing issue for connecting with the KVM due to power outrage. Overall they are doing good.

## Team Nebula #6
Team is actually working on their training rather than to be on HIRA app. I have not seen them communicating in the chat and on the EOD also there is only training stuff. Lead is facing problem with Moiz as he did not mention when he is clock in and through out the shift there is no text from him. Shumiala dedicated her most of the time in HR department so she also could not communicate in the chat. I've change their TPM timing and move in my first shift as she have electricity problems at 6:30pm.

## Hurricane #5  
I could not collaborate with the lead as he has created the meeting but he was not there at the time. I call him many times but he didn't respond back.

## Team Dragon # 9
Team Dragon is currently working on the payroll and updating issues of SILK Corp. Team do not face any blocker and overall the session was good with them.

- In all the TPM meetings I have ensure the leads about the SMART goals, milestones, OKRs and KPIs.
