# Team hurricane
## Ayeshazi
- Have an interactive session with team lead and work on the HIRA app.
- Explore the best interface templete for HIRA app.
- Review the resume, make some necessory changes and make a pdf file for better use.
## Aleem-Reveltek
- I started the day with a meeting with the HR team
- Discussed various aspects of employee onboarding and development, covering topics such as training programs and upcoming recruitment activities. 
- Held a team meeting to review our milestones and progress, allowing us to share updates, identify potential challenges.
- Brainstorm solutions to ensure smooth project execution.
- Meeting with Ayeshazi app to discuss the things of HIRA app.
- Review the resume and made some changes.
## HumeraAkram
- Started working on the assigned issue for the HIRA app
- Created a meeting note documenting the onboarding process with HR.
- Outlined the objectives of the HIRA app.
- Collaborated with team lead to create a description for the assigned issue
- Participated in a training session on pull requests.
- Received guidance on using issues effectively in GitHub.
## SeharJamil
- Focus on completing the one part of Microsoft 365 course. 
- Utilize ChatGPT to gather informative data related to usability testing.
- Have an interactive meeting with team lead and learn how to create a file on Hira repo and practice that.
- Had a meetingwith Ajiash regarding project.
- Had a meeting with teammates and discuss the issues and comment on them.
## Ajiash
- work oon HIRA app.
- have a meeting with HR manager.
- Research about useability testing.
- Had a meeting with shumailatahir29 and discuss the tasks.
## FareehaJameel
- Not provided.
# Team Thunder
## raza201
- I have added volunteer experience and Professional summary in my resume.
- First milestone " Resume 1.0" is completed.
- Had a meeting with teammates, created a roadmap and milestones of payroll project.
- Started Six sigma White belt certification.
## TubaShamoon
- Had a meeting with team about payroll project
- Discussed about the milestone and roadmap for it and made a document about it
- First milestone " Resume 1.0" is 100% completed.
- Raza told us about six sigma certification
- Did some proofreading of Resume with teammates.
## Wajeeha
- I made significant progress on following tasks.
- I participated in the training session presented by Dua and Samim and merge pull request, branch and fork
- Discussion with teammates regarding the EOD report
- Overall it was a productive day filled with learning opportunities
## Zarafsha26
- I had a meeting with my team about payroll project.
- We had created roadmap for milestones and issues.
- Our team has copmleted first milestone.
- Had a meeting with Wajeeha regarding some issue on github.
- Edided resume along with my team.
- Attened a training session.
## shumailatahir29
- Not provided
## M
- On leave
# Team Basher
## Remy-Reveltek
- Reviewed Basher PRs
- Went our the Matty Outlook
- Responded to 2 emails from recruiters
- Had a meeting with Bandwidth
- Updated Basher Team details
- Did a training session with the Team about SILK issues
## AprilSamson
- Had a training session 
- learn the how to make branch and pull request.
- Had a meeting with team lead on Silk corp project.
- Read the Silk corp guide.
## Aini-Bashir
- On leave
## N-eng66
- On leave
## Ibrab697
- NOt provided
# Team Sahara
## Samim Sadeed-RevelTek
- Not provided
## NF11234
- Read all the chats and respond to them
- generate EOD report for last two days.
- Have a meeting Rimsha-Reveltek and discuss the things about teams prgoress.
- Arrange the timings of teams for TPM meeting.
- Started TPM meeting with each team.
-Submit the report of EOD.
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Attended the training session
- Practice the training learning
- Make meeting notes.
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon
## Dua-Reveltek
- Had a meeting with April to connect her to azure directory
- Introductory meeting with new staff and share the guidelines with them.
- Have a training session with new staff.
- Had a meeting with own team and discuss the project.
- Have a meeting with TPM and share our project goals.
- Discuss the microsoft courses and note placment with the team.
## Sohaib2580
- Had a meetitng with team and discuss the team's project.
- Attened the TPM meeting and share our goals.
- Learn about GitHub Milestones and practice them.
-Learn about the meeting notes and team collaboration.
## asfandia27
-Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.
