# Team Basher
## Aini-Bashir
- Had a sprint meeting with the whole team to discuss today's tasks and goals.
- 75% of the work is done on updating the issues of the Basher repo.
- Had a meeting with the team to plan proper and structured communication and update our tasks and achievements after every 1-15 minutes in the chat.
- KT with team members to show how to add issues with the description, with proper labels and milestones. 

## Ibrab679
- Since I  got  Clocked in I got training and learn how to create respiratorily and upload meeting notes.
- I shadowed him and in which he fix the certain issue and told me about KVM manual response system and led sheets.
- Had a meeting with Remy-Reveltek to communicate effectively.
- Created Binance account as I asked by HR.

## Remy-Reveltek
- Had Sprint meeting with Basher team to discuss tasks and priorities of the day for 30 minutes.
- Had a meeting with the team on Proper communication for 15 minutes.
- Updated Issues descriptions on the Basher repo.
- Closed the issues that are already approved and we are implementing them from the Basher repo.
- Updated Focus Chef Readme.md file.
- Had a scrum call with TPM to show our GitHub repo milestones and shared the details of staff tasks for the day.

## N-eng66
- Had a sprint meeting in which the team decided to work on today's tasks which were to, update issues of the basher repo and to work on SILK Corp guide.
- Had a meeting with team members to collaborate with one another through communication. It helps us to share our ideas and ponder upon our issues.
- Had a meeting with TPM where we showed her our tasks.
- Updated issues for SILK Corp guide under section analysis.
# Team Hurricane 
## Aleem-Reveltek
- Created Milestone: We established a new milestone called User Design Review
- Created and Labeled Issues: We created a set of issues related to the tasks and activities required to complete the milestone. Each issue was appropriately labeled to categorize and organize them effectively.
- Teach the team how to create the milestones
- Teach the about AI Prompt Engeenering.
- Actively review the resume and make some changes along with the teammates
- Had a meeting with managers and understand the criteria of issues and milestones.
## Ayeshazi
- Had a sprint meeting with team where tasks were assinged to them and also discuss the HIRA app.
- conducted a meeting with the team where everyone share their progress for HIRA app.
- Created milestones for project.
- - Discuss the effectiveness of communication with team and also point out the potential challenges of the project.
## HumeraAkram
-In the start of the day I had a Meeting with Seharjamil112 discussed the issues and provided her a guidance on HIRA app functionality.
- I Resolved her login issue on GitHub and helped with accessing resume links in Hurricane.
- have Reviewed shared resume for feedback by team lead. I have Sent an email to Rimsha-Reveltek with Required information.
- Had a Collaborative Meeting with team, I Learned to create short links in chat and update the EOD file and Explored visually appealing link creation in Microsoft Teams.
- We had a Meeting with TPM and Discussed milestone creation for the HIRA app.
## SeharJamil
- Not provided
## FareehaJameel
- Not provided
## Ajiash
- Attended a training session with Samim and other members where he told us about text formation and generating issues on GitHub.
- Attended a TPM report meeting with Rimsha-RevelTek where we gave her an update about our tasks.
- joined a productive meeting with my Team members where we tried to create Milestones. 
# Team Thunder
## Zarafsha26
- I had done research on volunteer experience and added it into research notes.
- I teach Waje512 how to create repositort.
- Attened meeting with team to discuss milestones.
- Go through RevelTech manual with Waje512.
## TubaShamoon
- Did some research for resume template
- shared some ideas about resume
- Completed the Cover letter description
- Had a long meeting with my team regarding all these things as well as fixed some issues of Waje512 teams
- Told her about the binance.
## raza201
- NOt provided
## shumailatahir29
- Not provided.
## Waje512
- Not provided
## M
- On leave
# Team Sahara
## SS
- Not provided
## NF11234
- On leave
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Not provided
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon
## Dua-Reveltek
- On leave
## Sohaib2580
- NOt provided
## asfandia27
- Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.

