# Team Basher
## Remy-RevelTek
- Sprint meeting
- brain storming with Natasha on Statistical analysis
- Day Wrap up call (where we discussed about our day progress)
- worked on the Focus Suite Microsoft ISV program milestones and got them approved by the TPM
## Aini-Bashir
- Sprint meeting on Basher team to discuss today's task
- Had a meeting with SILK team to discuss SILK Franchise milestone and issues
- Assign issues properly to all members.
- Made connections for Matty on LinkedIn and checked all the Emails on LinkedIn
- Work on SILK and search social media links for SILK web
## N-eng66
- Wow Chill and Grill Meeting
- Statistical Analysis Project discussion with Remy
- Sprint Meeting on Bashir Team
- Project Silk Corp Meeting
## Ibrab679
- Not provided.
# Team Thunder
## raza201
- Joined WOW Wednesday and given feedback on our onboarding to HR.
 - Had a meeting with S and she overviewed our Milestone "Resume 1.0" and give us a feedback.
- Closed multiple issues and our first milestone is 62% completed and rest is in modification process.
- Had a conversation with Mr H on issue #3 and he gave me a road map for it and we have brainstorm on it.
## Zarafsha26
- I had a atended WOW Wednesday Session.
- I also have meeting with my team to discuss progress and left over task.
- Conducted research work along with my team member and learn how to use different websites to get desired product.
- Completed the task which was assigned to me.
- Learn about Github gh-pages.
## shumailatahir29
- Not provided.
## Waje512
- Not provided
## M
- On leave
# Team Hurricane
## Aleem-Reveltek
- Attended the WOW Wednesday Meeting to stay updated on the latest developments and align with the team's goals.
- Conducted a productive session with TPM to discuss and prioritize the key aspects we need to focus on.
- Held a meeting with the team to discuss the Hira App project. During the meeting, we accomplished the following tasks:
- Created several issues in GitHub to address specific functionalities and improvements for the app.
- Established a Milestone in GitHub to set a clear timeline and track progress effectively.
- Developed a comprehensive roadmap using a Mermaid file to visualize the project's direction and major milestones.
- Crafted a detailed and informative description in a Markdown file, highlighting the key features and objectives of the Hira App.
## ajiash
- I started off by attending a training session with Dua-Reveltek and other members where she taught us about calendar and scheduling a meeting.
- I joined a productive meeting with teemmates where we discussed about milestone of our on going project.
- I am also assigned a task by my team regarding Core features and functionalities on onboarding process.
- I took 2 interviews. shumailatahir29 was also there with me during the interviews.
- I effectively handled the communication channel i.e WhatsApp.
- I had another meeting with shumailatahir29 after the interviews where we further discussed about the interviewees.
## HumeraAkram 
- Had a meeting with Ayeshazi and discuss how to review the resume.
- Had a meeitng wiht team leader and brainstorm over creating the milestone and issues.
- Learn how to make milestones and issues on GitHub.
## Ayeshazi
- Focus on HIRA onboarding app initiative and milestones.
- Had a meeting with teammates to discuss progress and collaboration on refining the app design and functionality
- Outline key milestones with teammates
## Seharjamil112
- Not provided
## FA
- Not provided
# team Sahara
## SS
- Not provided
## NF11234
- Have a review of milestones and issues of each team and commented on them.
- Read the received comments from team leads and respond to them.
- prepare the EOD report of each team.
- Join the meeting of Wao Wednesday.
- Had a meeting with team lead of team Hurricane.
- Join the meeting with the team Thunder and discuss their issues.
- Join the meeting with team Hurricane and discuss the key points of milestones and issues.
- Review the milestones of team Basher and comment on them.
- made the required changes in EOD report in submit it in a team.
- Join the meeting with peers and discuss the problems that we are currently facing wiht organizing and managing. provide the solution to these problems.
## SM
- Not provided
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Not provided
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon
## Dua-Reveltek
- Not Provided
## Sohaib2580
- NOt provided
## asfandia27
- Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.
