# Team Basher
Conducted a comprehensive training session on SILK Franchise GitHub Issues, which lasted for 2:30 hours. The purpose of this session was to ensure that everyone is familiar with the process and workflow involved in managing GitHub issues related to SILK Franchise.
Participated in a 30-minute TPM meeting. The team actively engaged in the meeting, discussing important topics and providing valuable insights.
Reviewed KVM #3, and also dedicated time to reviewing Outlook and LinkedIn.
Held a productive 1-hour meeting with team lead of thunder to discuss App Development. Did discussions, exchanged ideas, and made progress toward our goals in this area.
Made significant progress in updating the Issues for the SILK Franchise Guide as everyone learned how to update the issues and gather information for it.
Meeting notes provided by.
## Meeting Notes
- [ayeshaafzal786](https://github.com/ayeshaafzal786/basher-traning-session1/blob/main/README.md)
- [Ahmedabhc](https://github.com/Ahmedabhc/EOD/blob/4807bd154e9096fce20663d7ba2317d50a2e0b02/README.md)
# Remarks 
Overall team basher is doing good job. Team lead have interactive sessions with new team members and breif them about the Silk project. New team members are getting the idea of project and will start working on it. Team basher is on the Optimize stage on their DRIOD. They have done great job in design and reaserch.
# Team Thunder
We successfully conducted a thorough proofreading of the resume, ensuring all errors were rectified. Additionally, we held a productive meeting centered around the team lead of DRIOD OPS framework for our Payroll project. As a result, we allocated individual research tasks among team members, and diligently completed comprehensive notes on our findings.
During the meeting, we presented our preliminary research and design tasks to the TPM's.
We actively engaged in the discussion, providing valuable suggestions on various approaches that can be pursued for the project. In the subsequent phase, we transitioned to the Optimization stage. At present, we are focused on creating a detailed roadmap for the project, which is currently 40% complete. Our team is dedicated to delivering a high-quality outcome and remains committed to achieving the project objectives.
## Meeting Notes
- Team did not provide any meeting notes.
# Remarks
In the TPM round we checked the research of the projoect payroll and the team has done great job in it. Secondly, team was having interactive session with eachother and reviwing their research when we joins the meeting. Also we tranfer the knowledge to the team that what are things they should keep in mind while they are doing research on the project. Before that team was on the Optimization stage and and they showed us the document for demonstration what they have done and what are their next goal. After the knowledge team will work on research and optimization stage simultanously.
# Team Hurricane
We actively participated in the TPM (Team Project Meeting) and various collaborative meetings. These sessions provided opportunities to discuss project updates, share insights, and collaborate with team members to ensure alignment and progress towards project goals. We have created an EOD report file using the new format discussed in TPM meeting. The EOD report now follows a structured layout that includes sections for tasks accomplished, challenges encountered, next steps, and any additional notes or comments. We successfully completed the milestone issues.
## Tasks In Progress:
The below issues are in progress.
- Usablity Testing is in progress
- Architecture planning
- UI/UX Feedback gathering
- Initiative Onboards changing In HIRA app
## Meetings/Communications:
- [HumeraAkram](https://github.com/FocusChef/Hira/blob/main/Meeting%20Notes/01-06-2023.md)
- [Ajiash](https://github.com/Oktopods/Hurricane/blob/main/EOD%20Reports/Meeting%20Notes%20Format.md)
- [SeharJamil](https://github.com/Oktopods/Hurricane/blob/main/EOD%20Reports/Meeting%20Notes%20Format.md)
- [MoizAbbasii](https://github.com/Oktopods/Hurricane/blob/dd70de97191ed5bba618d2a78fc8369f02cf44e9/meeting%20notes/Moiz.md)
- Ayeshazi 
# Remarks 
 Overall team performance is good enough they are working on HIRA app and HUEY at the same time. Progress of HIRA app is not far enough they are still in the design phase and discussing the things. Good part of that team is they are having everything in tangible form. flip side of that is they are moving slow and still brainstorming all the things. In todays TPM team lead did not appear due to some of the reasons, but the team submit their reports and it was upto the mark.
 # Team Dragon
## Meeting Notes
- [Sohaib2580](https://github.com/Oktopods/Dragon/blob/4eff03af2f3940d17aca4f2d3783e5fd86a74a35/Meeting%20Notes/Notes%2001-06-2023.md)
- [Dua-Reveltek](https://github.com/Oktopods/Dragon/blob/0e3536dd47f65f59e56d4d18377970208c051ecf/Meeting%20Notes/1-6-2023%20Meeting%20Notes.md)
# Remarks
# Team Phoenix
## Meeting Notes
No meeting held for today.
# Remarks
Team Pheonix is working on USIVA, their mostly collaboration is done through the commenting on word document. In today's TPM we could not communicate with team lead due to the differnet timings. Team Phoenix is updating on daily basis and working hard on their project. Due to lack of human power their collaboration is low and they are working slowly. This team is also in the optimization phase and had done their research in very impressive way.
# Team Sahara
## Meeting Notes
# Remarks
 
