# Team Hurricane
## Aleem-Reveltek
- Today, dedicated the efforts towards refining my professional profile by working on my resume. 
- Actively participated in the TPM meeting, where we delved into the challenges we are currently facing and strategized on the best approach to overcome them.
- Additionally, I had a productive meeting with the Hurricane team, where we collectively collaborated on enhancing our resumes.
## Ayeshazi
- Found a professional resume template.
- Carefully added all relevant information to the template.
- Had a productive meeting with Aleem to discuss important resume elements.
- Presented two to three template options for consideration.
- Incorporated all necessary details into the chosen template.
## HumeraAkram
- Started working on an issue for the Hira app.
- Had a meeting with Rimsha-Reveltek to discuss the onboarding process.
- Collaborate with team in creating a resue.
- Conducted research to find the required strategy for the onboarding app.
## SeharJamil
- Read the manual guide and compile the notes.
- Review the resume along with the team.
- Attended the TPM meeting.
- Attended the training session and get to know about the basics of GitHub.
- Have a meeting with Rimssha-Reveltek and HumeraAkram to learn about the HR process.
## FareehaJameel
- Not provided 
## Ajiash
- Not provided
# Team Basher
## N-eng66
- Had a sprint meeting with our TPM Noor Fatima ,where I give her a brief description of of the tasks that I am going to work on today. 
- I updated the issues of "Locations" till Mid-Ohio Valley of SILK Corp Franchise guide and commented there.
- On teammates feedback I added additional description in "Locations" issues in SILK Corp guide.
## Aini-Bashir
- Had a sprint meeting with TPM where I explained my tasks for today on the Basher and SILK Repo.
- Updated all the issues on the Basher repo with proper descriptions and labels.
- Managed the SILK repo by checking all the issues and PR and also commented there. 
- Created a .md file where I added all my tasks and did a PR on it.
## Remy-Reveltek
- Not provided
## Ibrab679
- Not provided
# Team Thunder
## raza201
- I have selected the template, pasted all content on it.
- KT with Aleem on project management.
- Had a meeting with TPM, Shared our progress.
- Started working on Bonus structure project. Taken input from multiple people on project.
- Discussed the roadmap of project and noted down 2 suggestion of repository for project.
- Created Milestones and their issues.
## TubaShamoon
- Worked on Payroll with payroll team
- Had a meeting with TPM and described about the task progress and individual approach on the project also had a conversation about payroll.
- Had a meeting with thunder team and Rimsha that how to do the bonus project
- Created some milestones and issues we will be making milestones and issues in github after the completion
- Had a conversation about repository we are going to use for project
## Zarafsha26
- Worked on assigned task.
- Attened a meeting with team discuss about the project.
- Had a meeting with TPM.
- Teach Wajeeha how to create notes on github.
- Discussed the upcoming project with team created a milestone and issues with then.
## Waje512
- Not provided
## shumailatahir29
- Not provided
## M
- On leave
# Team Sahara
## Samim Sadeed-RevelTek
- Not provided
## NF11234
- Read all the chats and respond to them
- generate EOD report for last two days.
- Have a meeting Rimsha-Reveltek and discuss the things about teams prgoress.
- Arrange the timings of teams for TPM meeting.
- Started TPM meeting with each team.
-  Submit the report of EOD.
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Attended the training session
- Practice the training learning
- Make meeting notes.
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon
## Dua-Reveltek
- Had a meeting with April to connect her to azure directory
- Introductory meeting with new staff and share the guidelines with them.
- Have a training session with new staff.
- Had a meeting with own team and discuss the project.
- Have a meeting with TPM and share our project goals.
- Discuss the microsoft courses and note placment with the team.
## Sohaib2580
- Had a meetitng with team and discuss the team's project.
- Attened the TPM meeting and share our goals.
- Learn about GitHub Milestones and practice them.
- Learn about the meeting notes and team collaboration.
## asfandia27
- Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.
