# Team Hurricane
## HumeraAkram
- Have meeting with team members to discuss about the project of HIRA app.
- Meeting with team lead to discuss the role of Droid Ops.
- Meeting with boss to learn the functionality of focus app.
## Seharjamil112
- Meeting with Rimsha-RevelTek and discuss the project.
- Attened the training session, learn the basics of GitHub.
- Participte in the meeting with Boss to learn the functionality of focsu app.
- Conducted a meeting with shumailatahir29 and learn how to conduct interviews and utilize spreadsheets.
## Ayeshazi
- Have an interactive session with team lead to discuss the Driod Ops and it's role.
- Learned how to edit Markdown files and create milestones on GitHub.
- Collaborated with Aleem-Reveltek to create a Readme file for the HIRA app.
- Created a Mermaid file as part of the app development process.
- Attended a session with Sir.
- Received guidance from Sir on the key areas to focus on while building the HIRA app.
## Aleem-Reveltek
- Had a meeting with Ayeshazi where they discuss the logo for HIRA app.
- COnducted a meeting with newbies and explain them Driod Ops.
- Had a meeting with Sir and make the readme.md file for project.
- work on mermaid file.
## ajiash
- Not provided
## FA
- Not provided
## Team Basher
## Aini-Bashir
- Had a meeting with N-eng66 for KVM KT.
- Added an issue and description in the Basher repo about QA with ASMA.
- Checked all the emails and there were 51 emails when I clocked in and then the rest was managed by Natasha. 
- Organized the Basher repo with proper milestone description, due dates, and issues description.

## N-eng66
- Had a sprint meeting with teammates and TPM.
- Run ASMA and 63 Successful Applications
- Added the issue and its description in the basher Repo for Q/A with ASMA
- Learned about KVM

## Ibrab697
- training session with Sameen:
- Received information about GitHub basics
- Session with Sir
- Received training on Focus.
- Completed Training Manual.

## Remy-bashir
- Completed two skills assessment for jobs
- Focus hive
- milestones and streamline 
- Had Sprint meeting with team members
- Run ASMA and 63 Applied successfully
# Team Thuder
## TubaShamoon
- Had a call with team lead about the volunteer experience
- Then had a call with team regarding the payroll structure
- Then we had a call with Sir and coach to show how much our milestones have been achieved and feedbacks on performances as well
-I made some research on Issue No#2 and it is 100% done also did the pull request
- I teached Zarafsha26 how to do pull request
- Had a meeting with Rimsha-RevelTek and helped her to enter employee data in sheets
## Zarafsha26
- Research on given task updated the content on research file.
- Created a repository in Github.
- I had meeting with team about upcoming projects.
- Then had a meeting with Sir and all the newbies.
- Attend another meeting with Sir and my team member.
- Learn to do pull request.
# Team Sahara
## SS
Not provided
## NF11234
- Have a review of milestones and issues of each team and commented on them.
- Read the received comments from team leads and respond to them.
- prepare the EOD report of each team.
- join the team meetings with Sir and Rimsha-RevelTek.
- Had a meeting with team lead of team Hurricane.
- Join the meeting with the team Thunder and discuss their issues.
- Join the meeting with team Hurricane and discuss the key points of milestones and issues.
- Had a meeting with team basher and review their milestones.
- Join the meeting with Sir and learn how to review focus app and it's role.
- made the required changes in EOD report in submit it in a team.
## SM
- Not provided
## W
- Not provided
## R
- Not provided
# Team Magnum
## jawadkhanpk
- Not provided
## MoizAbbasii
- Not provided
## S
- Not provided
# Team Dragon
## Dua-Reveltek
- On leave
## Sohaib2580
- NOt provided
## asfandia27
- Not provided
## MU
- NOt provided.
